<script type="text/javascript">
//<![CDATA[

    /**
    * Helper method to add a widget function when the snippet runs.
    * This is to be called inside a plugin snippet, so they only get stored on demand.
    *
    * @param {Function} func - The plugin widget function needed for the widget to run.
    */
    PluginHelper.addWidgetFunction = function(func) {
        if (SailPoint.widgetFunctions) {
            SailPoint.widgetFunctions.push(func);
        }
    };

    /**
    * Method called by the AppInitializer to load the widget functions so that
    * the desktop home app can register any dependencies needed for thw widget.
    */
    PluginHelper.loadWidgetFunctions = function() {
        if (SailPoint.widgetFunctions) {
            SailPoint.widgetFunctions.forEach(function(func) {
               func();
            });
        }
    };
    /**
     * Helper method for an angular plugin to attach itself to our app.
     * Creates a div with an angular sp-isolate-app directive that we know about
     * in order to skip over it and make it load last in the order of angular apps to load.
     * An optional selector is there so that the snippet can attach itself to any valid
     * selector on the DOM.
     *
     * @param {string} moduleName - The name of the angular snippet module
     * @param {string} innerHtml - The contents of any custom html defined by the plugin to be injected into the DOM
     * @param {string} selector - An optional selector where the snippet will live on the DOM, the default of '#snippetAngularApp' will be used if not given
     */
    PluginHelper.addSnippetController = function(moduleName, innerHtml, selector) {
        var ctrlName = moduleName + 'Ctrl',
        elementId = ctrlName + 'El',
        element = '<div sp-isolate-app="'+ moduleName +'"> <span id="' + elementId + '" ng-controller="' + ctrlName + ' as ctrl"></span> </div>';

        // css selector to attach the snippet to
        if (!selector || selector.length === 0) {
            selector = '#snippetAngularApp';
        }

        angular.element(document).ready(function () {
            var snippet = angular.element(selector);
            snippet.append(element);
            var snippetElement = angular.element('#' + elementId);
            if (snippetElement) {
                if (innerHtml) {
                    snippetElement.append(innerHtml);
                }

                // All SailPoint angular apps are bootstrapped to an element with the class sp-ui-app.
                // So check if snippetElement is a child of a .sp-ui-app element, otherwise we need to bootstrap it
                // ourselves.
                if (angular.element(document).find('.sp-ui-app').find(selector).length === 0) {
                    angular.bootstrap(snippetElement, [moduleName]);
                }

            }
        });
    };
  //]]>
</script>