<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC
                "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
                "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<!-- (c) Copyright 2017 SailPoint Technologies, Inc., All Rights Reserved. -->

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:sp="http://sailpoint.com/ui">
<body>

<ui:composition>
  <script type="text/javascript">
    Ext.onReady(function() {
        // The PAM Collector Config is the exact same as the PAM application config.  Instead of having users enter
        // it twice, we'll just copy the application config properties onto the target source.
        var pamApplicationConfig = {
            host: "#{sp:escapeJavascript(targetSource.applicationObject.attributes['host'])}",
            authType: "#{sp:escapeJavascript(targetSource.applicationObject.attributes['authType'])}",
            user: "#{sp:escapeJavascript(targetSource.applicationObject.attributes['user'])}",
            password: "#{sp:escapeJavascript(targetSource.applicationObject.attributes['password'])}",
            oauthBearerToken: "#{sp:escapeJavascript(targetSource.applicationObject.attributes['oauthBearerToken'])}",
            explicitAttributesRequest: "#{sp:escapeJavascript(targetSource.applicationObject.attributes['explicitAttributesRequest'])}",
            pageSize: "#{sp:escapeJavascript(targetSource.applicationObject.attributes['pageSize'])}"
        };

        var isCreate = #{null == targetSource.object.id};
        // Copy all of the values from the application config to the target source config.
        if (isCreate) {
            var attrNames = Object.keys(pamApplicationConfig);
            attrNames.forEach(function(attrName) {
                initializePamAttribute(attrName);
            });
        }

        /**
         * Initialize the hidden element value for the given PAM attribute with the value from the application.
         *
         * @param {String} attrName  The name of the attribute to initialize.
         */
        function initializePamAttribute(attrName) {
            var elt = getPamField(attrName),
                appValue = pamApplicationConfig[attrName];
            // Set the field to use the app's value.
            elt.value = appValue;
        }

        /**
         * Return the hidden element for the given PAM attribute name.
         *
         * @param {String} attrName  The name of the PAM attribute.
         *
         * @return {Element} The hidden element for the given PAM attribute name.
         */
        function getPamField(attrName) {
            var fieldId = 'editForm:' + attrName;
            return document.getElementById(fieldId);
        }
    });
  </script>

  <div class="pamUnstructuredConfig">
    <ui:include src="scim2AttributesFormInclude.xhtml">
      <ui:param name="config" value="#{targetSource.object.configuration}"/>
    </ui:include>

    <h:inputHidden id="pageSize" value="#{targetSource.object.configuration['pageSize']}" />
  </div>

</ui:composition>

</body>
</html>
